GUI fixes (#676)
vrc-get/vrc-get: CHANGELOG.md

- Fails to load all repositories if fails to load one repository `#551`
- Legacy Projects cannot be added to VCC project list `#586`
- Bad behaviors with unity 2018 `#605`
- Prerelease packages are installed if the version range contains prerelease `#676`
  - To fix this problem, automatic allow prerelease rule is a bit changed.
  - For resolving dependencies in `vpm-manifest.json`, prerelease is used if version range contains prerelease.

>   - For resolving dependencies of packages, prerelease is used if the dependant package is prerelease, and matching version is not found without prereleases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For resolving dependencies of packages, prerelease is used if the dependant package is prerelease, or is not but matching version is not found without prereleases.
```
ということです…?
その前提でもう一案
```suggestion
  - For resolving dependencies of packages, prerelease is used if the dependant package is prerelease, or is not but matching version is only contained in prereleases.
```

Author: "package is prerelease"かつ"matching version is not found without prereleases"とき、"prerelease"が検索されます

Reviewer: なるほど。とすると、そのままか
```suggestion
  - For resolving dependencies of packages, prerelease is used if the dependant package is prerelease, and matching version is only contained in prereleases.
```

>   - For resolving dependencies of packages, prerelease is used if the dependant package is prerelease, and matching version is only contained in prereleases.

Reviewer: コンマがあると独立して見える感じ(ifに繋がってない感じ)がしてきたので外します。(1節が長くなってるのが欠点)
ifじゃなくてwhenとかにした方がわかりやすいんですかね…(悩む)
あと、なんとなくtheを足してみます。
```suggestion
  - For resolving dependencies of packages, prerelease is used if the dependant package is prerelease and the matching version is only contained in prereleases.
```

Reviewer: 本質はFor～から始まってコンマが使われてることで、ifの中でコンマを使うと途切れて見えることなので、when使っても別に変わらないな…

>   - This does not change behavior of `--prerelease` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This does not change behavior of `--prerelease` option.
```
抜けてた(そもそも一貫性があるわけではないようですが、ここには何となく欲しいと思いました)

>   - This does not change behavior with `--prerelease` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This does not change behavior of `--prerelease` option
```
prerelease optionの動作を変えないという意図…? それともprerelease optionを使っても動作が変わらないという意図?
前者ならこの案、後者なら原案な気がします。

Author: "`--prerelease`オプションを使っているときの動作が変わらない"です
